So let's build up on our knowledge gained from when what is true or false and therefore now let's add
a new property here.
I'll name it use picker and the dad by default is false.
And here I'll check if this platform is mobile and at the same time the platform is not hybrid.
Then we know we're running on a desktop device and Dad would also be the case if I wrap this in racquets
here if and therefore that's not your case to that first check if this platform is desktop if that is
true we can all rely on this being executed on a desktop device in the browser there.
So if we are on a desktop device now no matter if you are viewing it as a normal desktop mode like this
or if we're previewing it in this mobile mode like this will now make it into this if check here and
there.
I want to set this use picker equal to true because then I want to use a file picker instead of trying
to access the camera.
So let me now go to the ad template here and there.
Outside of that div I want to render a new input a normal input not an eye and input which will be of
type file which is a default file it's a default HQ criminal element a default attribute for that element
I only will render this if use picker is true and then I'll give it as a reference file picker so that
I can interact with that from inside the typescript code and all register a change listener here on
file chosen or whatever you want and I'll forward deviant data we get here.
So the idea here is that we can fall back to a normal file picker in cases where we can't access to
camera and I will actually now also go to my SPSS code and select that input where we have that type
equals file attributes so that file picker we just edit and set display to non so that it's still part
of the Dom but we can't see it because this file picker should not be clickable directly.
Instead I want to click it for the user when the user clicks take picture when the app runs on a device
where we can't access the camera and therefore now let's go to on page image and if we are in here so
if the plugin is not available or if this use picker is true which means we are running on a platform
where we don't assume that the camera is available then I want to click that file picture for the user
for this I just need to get access to it.
So let's use a view child for that and there I gave that file picture a local reference of file picture
so we can pass that to add to view child you child needs to be imported from and Angela core of course
that here we can store it is in a property named file picker or whatever you want to name it and to
type here will be element ref that will eventually resolve to an HD him El input element and therefore
this is more like a file pick a ref I guess so to reference to the file picture now we can use that
file pick a ref to access to native element so here and this a check we can access this file pick a
ref native element and execute a click and this will therefore open that file picture or do whatever
to the fall picker normally does.
Now we just need to add that on file chosen method here as well.
So let me add this method down here and there I will get some event data which is of type event and
for now we'll just console log that event data here okay so let's save that and let's run ionic serve
and there on our desktop device we should now indeed use that file picker so here in the browser let's
click take picture and now indeed that file picture opens here where I can pick an image of course right
now I don't see that image here because we haven't added any logic for that but we see that event data
that gets printed here and indeed the aerials see that on the target element you will have a files property
which holds a reference to the file picture here which is the image I just picked so we can build up
on this and now retrieve our files from there and use stead in this application.